Let’s do this together.
For this demonstration, again we’ll need to stand.
OK, start by positioning your feet shoulder width apart,
knees slightly flexed,
and your elbows in your yellow zone.
Now we are going to turn to the right here; as if we were reaching for something,
and then slowly bend forward, but don’t bend too far.
I’ll bet you can feel the stress developing in your knee and your back?
So, let’s lift the toes of your right foot, and pivot so that those toes are pointing
in the direction you are reaching. Is some of the strain reduced?
Good.
Lift the heel of your left foot and pivot
so those toes also face the direction you are reaching.
Is the stress reduced even more?
Now, let’s flex our knees slightly, stand up,
make yourself comfortable.